Welcome back to another video.
In the last few days, we saw how do we lauding the images?
Now we're going to be using the same concept to load the forms as well.
We do not need any external order for this.
So let's see how forms loading work.
Now I'm going to be copying this folder as usual.
So let's say copy paste and if you want you can be continuing on in the last folder.
But I would just like to keep it separate.
So I'll just rename this to font loads and that's pretty much it.
So first of all, we're downloading the font.
So for that purpose let's open up our browser and let's head over to the forms Google.com and let's
select one of the forms that we may like.
So let me say something maybe in recursive format, something like this, and I'm going to be using
this font.
So what you can do here is you can say download family and this is going to be downloading the font
right here.
Let's open up the font and we need to be copying this font to also was directory.
So let's head over to our code and I'm going to be copying that right here.
So let's control so you control we right here.
And then I'm just going to be creating another folder into my assets folder.
So we are going to be keeping all the forms here and let's move this font to our foreign statically.
Okay, so that's pretty much it.
We have the new font ready for usage.
Now for making the usage, we are going to be making Zoom updates in this case.
So if you go to the access file, we need to be adding a new frontier.
So let's see how we can be doing that.
If I go back to the browser, you can see that it has already provided me with the font family that
I need to be writing so I can just copy that from here.
Come back to my C.
S file and paste it right here.
Okay, so that's done.
Now we need to be applying this on our title or now ahead of where we need this one to be applied.
So for that, we can just head over to our index start adjustment.
And I want to be applying it right here.
So how do we do that?
Well, it's quite straightforward.
We go to our index dot gas file and we already have the elements selected.
So as you know, whenever we click on the button element, it's going to be selecting that header and
then we can perform any action on it as we like.
So what I'm going to be doing here is I'll say element dot class list dot hard, and in here I'm going
to be adding a new class size style dot and this is called as header.
Now please note that earlier we were selecting the headers through it.
That's why it was having the idea selector.
Let's remove this and make it a class selector.
So with that, let's go back to our DSC file and let's put it here as head of all right, now that's
done.
Now we only apply this style, but we also need to be calling that font file that we had just added
here.
So for that, I can also add the font file here itself.
So I say import or slash assert forms and then the name of the font.
So let me just come here, copy the entire name.
Close this and paste it right here.
All right, now we have all of this.
Now, if I ran NPM build, what do you expect to happen?
Well, if you expect it to fail, you're absolutely right.
So I'll just prove that to you.
Now, if I just go to my A directory, which is the sixth folder and see NPM, run, build, and if
we just give it a second, we can see that it's not able to identify this file TDS file.
So as you can expect, we need to be making some configuration changes in that back file.
So coming back to Webpack, we go all the way to the bottom and this is exactly where we are going to
be hiding the new loader.
So in here, let's add copy and paste the earlier one because we are going to be using the same asset
slash resource for loading the forms as well.
Not only how we can put in all the types of foreign files that we're going to be supporting.
So that can be TDF, then it can also be W.f., F and W or F2.
So a couple of more font files that you can use, but I'm just going to be keeping this for now as per
my project requirement.
Let's see if that cleared the console and try to run the build once again.
Okay.
So this time we can see everything passed off successfully and things should work as expected.
So I'm just going to be opening up my index start A.T.M. once again.
So I'll say Reveal and Finder as double click this and try to open it up.
Now this format is going to be applied only when I click on the button.
So as you can see, as soon as I clicked that the font got applied and we can also validate that by
going to the inspect tab.
And if you see on the right we can see that the font family was this one that we had just installed.
Okay, so that's pretty much it.
On how you're going to be loading the font.
And as you can see, we're using the inbuilt modules of Webpack to be loading these kind of files,
and you do not need to be installing anything explicitly from the NPM repository.
So that's it for now.
Let's take a short break and continue on with the last video on loaders.